---
title: 'Post 0: Hello, World!'
date: 2020-01-22
permalink: /posts/2020/01/hello-world/
tags:
  - meta
  - math
  - data
  - linux
---

Hello everyone! This is my first blog post! I'd like to lay out what my goals are for this website and the blogs to come.

Math
======
I am trained as a mathematician, and so I plan on talking about math. I love mathematics, and I hope to impart that in my wrting. I'm particularly interested in topology, algebra, and, more recently, data science. I'm currently working full time as a Linux/SAN administrator, but I do plan on going for my PhD in mathematics or computer science in a data science related subject in the future.

Linux
======
In my current position, I am a Linux/SAN administrator. I find these systems fascinating, and I'm especially interested in applying automation technologies via Python and Ansible to the enterprise environment. I'm currently studying for my RHCSA, and plan on achieving my RHCA. As such, there will be content pertaining to these things as well.

Personal Life
======
I plan on discussing my interests, hobbies, and goals from time to time. One pressing goal I have is to strive for a healthier lifestyle by losing weight, exercising, getting a full night's sleep, eating healthily, and engaging in self-care activities like non-work hobbies. I am aware of the paradoxical nature of writing about non-work hobbies, but there it is. 

Conclusion
======
Thanks for checking out my blog! Stay tuned, there's more to come.
